The only other place where we are mixing our data fetching logic in with
our component UI logic is inside of
our main App component when we fetch our initial data.
So, just as we've done in the past,
we want to move this up to it's own action creator.
So, what we'll do is instead of having all this logic here,
let's make any other action creator that we will eventually call handleInitialData,
and then I'm going to copy all of this.
And then up where our action creators are,
let's make a brand new one here that we will call handleInitialData.
And at this point, you've seen it plenty of times we return
a function that gets passed dispatch,
and now we can move all of that logic into here.
And instead of calling store dot dispatch,
we just simply call dispatch.
And to check that this is still working,
let's head back over to our App.
So, we get loading, and then after about two seconds,
we will get our initial data.
So, now what we've done is we have successfully moved all of
the data fetching logic from our components into our action creators.